Add note about persistent connections (#199)
couchbase/couchbase-php-client: MIGRATION_FROM_3_x.md

            <td>Removed</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>

> <td>

Author: This is just the place where I can describe both new and old behaviour. The idea is to reuse this content by @RichardSmedley's team on the documentation site

> <td>

Reviewer: Thanks Sergey, this is a great start :+1:

`couchbase.pool.max_idle_time_sec`

> Sets the interval that allowed for the persistent instance to be idle. The

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets the maximum time that a persistent instance can be idle before being cleaned up. The
```

Reviewer 2: In the formatting, will it be clear that this was the PHP 3.2 way of setting this? Maybe we should add that to the description for clarity?

Author: It is rendered as a table column, so the left side is 3.x, right side is 4.x

> default is 60 seconds. The SDK associates reference counter with the instance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
default is 60 seconds. The SDK associates a reference counter with the instance
```

> uniquely identified by connection string and credentials. When reference

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
uniquely identified by the connection string and credentials. When the reference
```

> counter reaches zero, the SDK records current time into idle timestamp of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
counter reaches zero, the SDK records the current time into idle timestamp of the
```

> instance. In the end of each request, the SDK will run cleanup process that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
instance. At the end of each request, the SDK runs a cleanup process that
```

will sweep all idle instances at that point in time.

> Persistent instances are useful for the cases that the PHP worker process is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Persistent instances are useful for cases when the PHP worker process is
```

> not being destroyed after serving the request, so that next request will not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
not destroyed after serving the request, so that next request will not
```

need to wait for instance to bootstrap if it uses the same connection string,
bucket and credentials.
</td>
<td>

`couchbase.persistent_timeout`

SDKv4 is based on C++SDK. It has similar behavior when it comes to persistent

> instances. But instead running cleanup in the end of each request, it does

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
instances. But instead of running cleanup at the end of each request, it does
```

cleanup only when the library need to create new connection and the number of
existing connection have reached `couchbase.max_persistent`.

By default both `couchbase.persistent_timeout` and `couchbase.max_persistent`

> equal to `-1`, which means that the instances will be destroyed naturally

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are set to `-1`, which means that the instances will be destroyed naturally
```

when the PHP process will exit.

This behavior was not possible in SDKv3 because libcouchbase does not have any

> background threads, that can perform service tasks (like tracking configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
background threads that can perform service tasks (like tracking configuration
```

changes).

> So if `couchbase.max_persistent` is set to positive (or zero) value, the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So if `couchbase.max_persistent` is set to a positive (or zero) value, the
```

> extension will run the cleanup tasks if number of existing instances, and will

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
extension will run the cleanup tasks if the number of existing instances exceeds the max, and will
```

> extension will run the cleanup tasks if number of existing instances, and will

Author: Updated now. 
> if the number of existing instances exceeds the max

> destroy all instances, that have expired.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
destroy all instances that have expired.
```

The expiration time for the instance is recorded when the instance is created

> or pulled from the cache, and equals to current time plus

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or pulled from the cache, and is set to the current time plus
```

`couchbase.persistent_timeout`.

> For example, setting both `couchbase.persistent_timeout` and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that by setting both `couchbase.persistent_timeout` and
```

> `couchbase.max_persistent` to zero will force extension to destroy all existing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`couchbase.max_persistent` to zero, this will force the extension to destroy all existing
```

> connections and always create new one. So the application have to be extra

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
connections and always create a new one. If using this configuration, the application must be very
```

> connections and always create new one. So the application have to be extra

Author: no there is no special function. But we can implement something based on the usecase. Here the idea is that setting it to zero is not proper way to use it.

> connections and always create new one. So the application have to be extra

Author: In general these options are for advanced users, so if they know that whole web request will be served under a second, and expiration is higher than that, then they are safe.

The default `-1` is the safe option.

> connections and always create new one. So the application have to be extra

Author: @raycardillo, @ingenthr this issue has been fixed in https://github.com/couchbase/couchbase-php-client/pull/200 (PCBC-1018).

> careful not to reuse destroyed connections by using equivalent of global

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
careful not to reuse destroyed connections, perhaps by using the equivalent of a global
```

            <td>Removed</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
<td>

`couchbase.pool.max_idle_time_sec`

Sets the maximum time that a persistent instance can be idle before being cleaned up. The
default is 60 seconds. The SDK associates a reference counter with the instance
uniquely identified by the connection string and credentials. When the reference
counter reaches zero, the SDK records the current time into the idle timestamp of the
instance. At the end of each request, the SDK runs a cleanup process that
will sweep all idle instances at that point in time.

Persistent instances are useful for cases when the PHP worker process is
not destroyed after serving the request, so that next request will not

> need to wait for instance to bootstrap if it uses the same connection string,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
need to wait for the instance to bootstrap if it uses the same connection string,
```

bucket and credentials.
</td>
<td>

`couchbase.persistent_timeout`

SDKv4 is based on C++SDK. It has similar behavior when it comes to persistent
instances. But instead of running cleanup at the end of each request, it does

> cleanup only when the library need to create new connection and the number of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
cleanup only when the library needs to create a new connection and the number of
```
